---
layout: post
title:  "EBSi 수능특강 영어 11강 7번에 대한 내 생각"
date:   2019-03-18 10:37:17
categories: "수능특강 영어 구문독해"
permalink: /archivers/1107.5
---



Well, I can't agree that Forgery and other forms of fakery in the arts misrepresent the nature of the performance and so misrepresent achievement <!--more--> because of Vocaloid, the program that(who) is for singing. Vocaloid can make any note that we want although its note are not only very fast but also very high. But that program is just a synthesizer that synthesizes vocal's voices. So, Will you say their song are not art? If you consider their songs are very popular with be called Sub-Culture exclude a case of Japanese, you can not say it. although you said "Speed and brilliance may be important considerations, which is not to say the fastest performance will be the best. But behind these considerations is an unstated assumption: that it is one person’s ten unaided fingers that produce the sounds.", their song are made by one person's 10 unaided fingers. you said "sound synthesizers can produce individual notes as fast as you please, while pianists cannot. Built into the thrill of hearing a virtuoso is admiration for human achievement. Forgery and other forms of fakery in the arts misrepresent the nature of the performance and so misrepresent achievement.", Right? When I saw this, I felt that the writer who wrote EBSi The Special Lecture of Final Test English Ch.11 No.7 regards electric music of today's culture, be birthed from evolution of technology. If you are, then I want to say to you that electric music is not the nature of the performance but their sequences of musics are of course human achievement from studying about musical and human's ability is so infinite that make human being able to singing 9 octave and 245 BPM (that is a tempo(speed) of *The Disappearance of Hatsune Miku*, a Vocaloid Music). We call them who can sing a song likes *The Disappearance of Hatsune Miku* as 'Not Human' (actually, They are human).





